# Ryon-Tom.github.io
Welcome to my blog

February 3, 2025:
- Today I want to talk about the 3 types of actions. There is regulatory, progressive, and foundational actions. Regulatory actions are actions geared towards maintaining your health, lifestyle, or personal connections. The most common form of regulatory actions hygiene and other forms of self maintanence. The second form of activities are progressive activities. These activities are the ones that propel you forward in life and create powerful opportunities for the future. Progressive activities could include risky investments, choices of partners, life and death decisions, and more. Other examples might be buying a gym membership or devoting yourself to a club / activity. The most important identifier of a progressive activity is your inability to walk back on it. For example, if you subscribe to multiple informative magazines, you are more likely to read them and get your moneys worth. Also, you might decide to marry someone, and that has huge implications on the course or your life. WE can harness the power of progressive activities by locking ourselves into positive ones. If you lock your phone away for 24 hours, you free your mind to think for that entire day; you simply cannot go back and relapse in that 24 hour window. Buying loads of healthy foods and purging the unhealthy ones inclines you to eat healthy, lose weight, and so on. The progressive activity is the most powerful of the 3 forms in regards to efficiency and self-improvement. Finally, there is foundational actions. Foundational actions are mosty classified as actions branched out of progressive decisions. If you begin 1 week of forced gym-going, you are likely to continue that streak, and the continued actions are now foundational. Foundational actions lead to progressive actions. For example, if you became a competitive track runner (Progressive), then the foundational action of practicing may potentially lead to you winning a gold medal (semi progressive) or participating in a more difficult leage (progressive). Foundational actions are vital to this entire system, as they are what lead to sucess. Alot of our actions are foundational yet never identified. More specifically, potential progressive action in the future may be hard to see, let alone strive for. That sums up the main idea of todays text. It is important to note that these 3 ideas can also be considered aspects. To elaborate, an action might contain pieces of each of form activity. For example, arriving at the base of Mt. Everest is progressive. Preparing for the ascent is foundational. Finally, summiting the peak is once again progressive. Regulatory actions are difficult to identify and dont apply to the main idea of that example. Do not forget that these actions are alwaays positive towards your life and health. Thank you for reading my blog!
